c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.exe.config
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.exe
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.pdb
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.pdb
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.pdb
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.pdb
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Inicio.resources
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.exe
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.pdb
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Clientes.resources
c:\users\monic\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.EditarCliente.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarAvaluo.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Avaluos.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarConcepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Concepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.EditarAvaluo.resources
C:\Users\monic\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.editarConcepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.exe.config
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.exe
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\Avaluos.pdb
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.pdb
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.pdb
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.pdb
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarAvaluo.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarCliente.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.AgregarConcepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Avaluos.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Clientes.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Concepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.EditarAvaluo.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.EditarCliente.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.editarConcepto.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Inicio.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.exe
C:\Users\monic\Documents\9Cuatrimestre\ProyectoYanai\Avaluos\Avaluos\obj\Debug\Avaluos.pdb
